I put out the fire the fire is out first
time in my life I do the right thing
oh shut up shot I've young single mother
and a kid I marry uh I adopt them you
fell in love don't you dare forget that
part we fell madly in love yes I fell in
love my god I fell in love but you know
what I thought you were mysterious like
my mother until it turned out the
mysterious just meant depressed
all right hard to reach I mean I'm not
in here
and you need somebody who's gonna be
quiet he's gonna be shy yeah you young
you're beautiful you gotta find somebody
else you got to go out and get some
friends alright I don't like going out
you know that I get anxiety when I have
to meet people you know how hard that is
you can't let you stay in a house with a
Sun lamp
alright and I can't I mean look I can't
you I see what Danny when you let the
fire and everything I I tried to leave
al Irving there is no fire maybe if you
were here more than there wouldn't have
been a fire in the first place what they
wouldn't be a fire if I was here just
stop with the whole fire thing God it
was a mistake I'm sure a million people
do that all the time those Sun lamps are
dangerous shouldn't even have them in
the house really I bet that happens all
the time
this was nothing we're not happy alright
you know that I could take Danny you
know that most of your work is illegal
and you know that if you tried to
divorce me you know that I'm not saying
that I would but I'm saying that I could
and I'm saying that that is why I don't
like divorce Irving women do that in
divorces women get the children and then
the father's never see them my mother
never got divorced my grandmother never
got divorced there are no divorces at my
family I am NOT getting a divorce
come on what are we doing here we fight
and we and that's what we do that's
our thing she was the Picasso of
passive-aggressive karate come here she
was better than any con artist I ever
met including myself and she had me like
nobody had me
Arvind come come on you might say she
was my Karma for how I took advantage of
people oh my god come here come on
you